The World Looks White, The World Looks Red
MSMC TRANSPORT CARRIER
01.03.5016u
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/662484211168575489/1160706945053884456/Yuga_Bowl_upscayl_4x_realesrgan-x4plus-anime.png?ex=6535a394&is=65232e94&hm=2bdc9ba42e599711e84637701ff4671106432050c4eeb88a5d66927d6bdc532a&
# **SESSION 1://** **LAST TIME ON SLEEPING UNDER A STOLEN CROWN**

Due to urgent changes in their contractor's timescale, our LANCERS are  woken up at a painfully early hour by Board Officer Alexi Du Bois and huddled into a dropship for immediate depot at the Yuga Pocket, the furthest-North city on Sparr whose survival is only possible (given its position in an iceball planet's arctic circle) by the extremely active geothermal venting in the area. 

Upon arriving on the ground, Alexi splits ways with the 421st to 'warm their seats' and touch ground with some of his local contacts while they rendezvous with Ulf Lyall, Union Administraive Deparment (UAD) Diplomat and native Sparri inhabitant. He briefs the 421st on the situation on the ground (which can be further recalled upon in the mission tab) and sends them on their way, having had their chassis preemptively printed with the proper weather equipment prior to touchdown; they'll need it, given the blizzard they'll have unvoidable contact with along the way.

Thus, the 421st began their multi-hour long hike into the surrounding mountainsides of the Yuga Pocket in search of the missing parties. Roughly halfway into their trip, they are stopped by highwaymen Exiles. They claimed they had rigged the mountainside with explosives, and could easily bury the party if they tried to retreat unless their immediatley forfeited their CFCs (cold fusion cores; which unlike how the name suggests, is a very hot-running technology which directly transforms heat into usable energy rather than via a steam turbine or chemical solutions).

They could not go over or around, so the 421st went *through* the opfor. In a quick and messy entanglement, they managed to break the enemy line and move further into the mountains, leaving the Exiles with nothing but the scraps of their chassis to pick through with the oncoming storm.

Just before the storm hits them head on, they are afforded a view of the opening wherein the last known location of the missing parties is in sight.